[16.0][IMP] sale_tier_validation: add the option for blocking sale order print (#3269)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_tier_validation/readme/CONFIGURE.md

1.  Go to *Settings \> Technical \> Tier Validations \> Tier
    Definition*.
2.  Create as many tiers as you want for Sale Order model.

> If necessary, update the "Sale Report Print Block" under "Sales > Settings" to enable or disable block the printing of sale order report if the order is not validated  (enabled by default).

Reviewer: Let's make the style of menu path presentation consistent with the existing content.

```suggestion
If necessary, update the "Block Printing of Unvalidated Quotations" under *Sales \>
Configuration \> Settings* to block the printing of quotation when the order has yet
to be validated (disabled by default).
```
